The world's most dangerous group
Once again beatin' on your muthafuckin' eardrums
Doin' much damage for all you slutty ass ho's

Yo, there was a bitch I knew on the avenue
She was gettin' G oh for a nut or two yo
I think her name was Clara
and she was guaranteed to give a muthafucka whatever he needs
to be perfectly honest, she was a hooker
So I took her, a hundred yards, to the boulevard
I told her "I'll take care o' you, you take care o' me"
You got a P.I.M.P. and all I want is the money
She went to work and the niggaz were fiendin' yo
She had the biggest ass that you ever seen
In fact, she was like Medusa
Her tities fully grown
A look and your dick turns to stone yeah
keepin' on mind that she was the kind that would find the time to get mine
because she knows I'm not to be fucked with
She ain't crazy 
Fuckin' with Dre, she'll be pushin' up daisies
She was the perfect ho' but wouldn't you know
the bitch tried to gank me
so, I had to kill her
Yeah, straight hittin'
Now listen up and lemme tell you how I did it
Yo, I tied her to the bed
I was thinking the worst, but yo, I had to let my niggaz fuck her first yeah
Loaded up the 44 yo
Then I straight smoked the ho'
'Cause I'm a real nigga, but I guess you figure
I was soft, so she paid the cost
to the boss and got tossed
One less bitch you gotta worry about
She's outa here and that's how it turns out

Now Vicky, Vicky, Vicky, she's very tricky
She put her hicky on top of my dick
Sick bitch, see? 
She told me she loved me, and she wanted to keep me
If only she can have the dick weekly
I said I'm with it but baby you gotta hold up
If I was happy with somethin' that I could fold up
We can do this 
She said her husband was rich
Then I knew I had the bitch
Yo, she wrote a check, many a check
In the name of a bitch who was strugglin' at the same game
All I wanted to do was get P.A.I.D.
Just a little somethin' for fuckin' me
Yo! Everything was cool, but Vicky concerned me
Her husband was the District Attorney
So, before he found out he was crossed up
By this bitch I was fuckin', I had her tossed up
And put to sleep
So nigga never forget, a dead bitch can't tell a nigga shit!
One less bitch you gotta worry about
She's outa here and that's how it turned out

One less,
One less,
One less bitch you gotta worry about!


One less,
One less,
One less bitch you gotta worry about!

Thinkin' about money, and lookin' at a prostitute
The bitch was cute, so now I had to execute
And shoot game like a real nigga
With a steel trigga
Convince her to move up to somethin' bigga
I think I had a flashback though
'Cause I said "fuck it!"
Loced and choked and spoked to the ho' like this :
"Bitch, it's all about Dre
The money, money, money and this all I gotta say"
Of course she came with me
And remained with me
'Till the bitch felt lame and ashamed to be
Workin' that trick shit
'Cause niggaz knew that she was someone
A little later though she caught one
In the chest and I knew that it was commin'
By who and how the whole act would be done
So what?
One less bitch you gotta worry about
But that ain't how it turned out..

Yo, there was a bitch named her out and shot her
Straight pull the muthafuckin' trigger and said "I got her!"
But I had better plans to give her the blues
Like dumpin' her in the river with cement shoes
I knew my money was comin' up short
In the vault, but the stupid bitch thought she'd never get caught
Came home early and straight bust her ass
On the couch with another nigga countin' my cash
I shoulda knew she was like them other ho's
I told them two muthafuckaz to take off their clothes
Butt naked nothin' left but the shoes
I had up the 9 so they could'nt refuse
I shot the nigga he was outta there
And tied the bitch to the muthafuckin' chair
Now there's one less bitch I gotta worry about
Everybody out, that's how it turns out!

One less,
One less,
One less bitch you gotta worry about!

One less,
One less,
One less bitch you gotta worry about!

In reality -
A fool is one who believes that all women are ladies
A nigga is one who believes that all ladies are bitches,
And all bitches are created equal.
To me, all bitches are the same:
Money hungry skanless groupie ho's 
That's always riding on a nigga's dick.
Always in a nigga's pocket.
And when the nigga runs out of money the bitch is gone in the wind.
To me...ALL BITCHES AIN'T SHIT!

One less,
One less,
One less bitch you gotta worry about!

One less,
One less,
One less bitch you gotta worry about!
...